https://codepen.io/KevinLam/pen/bGEGNZK?editors=1100

<!-- Questions to Submit in today's file first-lastname.txt --> 
<!--
Copy the questions below into the first-lastname.txt file on your github repo - answer each question and then push your changes. 

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    It is HTML that gives meaning to our content.

    2. What is HTML used for? 
    It is used for the structure of our website.

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    An HTML attribute provides additional information about the HTML element such as the source of a file, or the URL of a link.
    Attributes are put into the opening tags of an element.

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    The Header 1 tag is used for the main purpose or title of the page and should only be used once to state the post important
    purpose of the webpage for best search engine optimization.

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    img tags require and src.
    a tags require and href

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    Meta data and things that give informtation about our webpage such as a title and linking external files.

    7. What is an id? 
    A unique identifier for an HTML element that can be used in CSS or JS as a pointer towards that element.

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    basically all of them exept for base, head, html, meta, param, script, style, and title.

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    One ID can only be used once on a page.

    10. What is a class? 
    An identifier that can point to many different elements.

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    All of the ones you can add an ID to.

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    Multiple times.

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    target="_blank"

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    Used to describe the image for when the image cant be open or for screen readers.

    15. How do I reference an id?
    #IDname

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    A section is semantic, where as a div is not.

    17. What is CSS used for? 
    It is used to design and format your HTML

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    by calling the tag name - h2

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    They are both identifiers, but a class can be used multiple times, and ID is more unique and can only be used once.
    A class would be used if you want to point to multiple elements. An ID is used to point to one specific element.
    ex. Lets say you have 5 things with a class of info, and you want them all to be orange. But one of them, you would like to
    be blue, you could add an ID to that element to seperate it from the rest and style it independently.

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    .ClassName

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    p.human

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    a parent child selector selects an element that is a child of a parent element.
    This can be useful when you want to only select an element that is directly associated and inside of another element, rather 
    than all of those elements from the entire doc.

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    div.sidebar a

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    A selector used to point to a specific state of an element, such as hover, active, or visited.

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line-height

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transform

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    border: 1px dotted black;

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    universal selector *
    or html, or body, if everything on the page fits into those elements.

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    Fit the comment between "/*" and "*/"

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    pwd

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls 

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    rm or rm -rf

    34. Why should I use version control? 
    Because it allows you to save every single version of a peice of work, so you could go backwards or forwards to different
    versions. Which could be useful if you are trying something new, and it doesn't work.. you could go back to a version a work from 
    there, rather than starting over, or redoing what you undid.

    35. How often should I commit to github?
    Often. Every big change, or every 20 or so minutes, or whenever you think it would be a good idea to save.

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
        1) fork code
        2) copy the code to local machine
        3) make a new branch
        4) open that branch and make your changes there.
        5) git add to add any files and changes to what git is monetoring. 
        6) commit and write a message
        7) push
        8) pull request.

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    An block element starts a new line and has its own area so to say. An inline element does not start a new line and only takes up as 
    much space as it needs.

    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    An element that is positioned absolutely is positioned relative to the nearest positioned ancestor, or the body if there is no
    relative ancestor, which would make it scroll with the viewport. 

    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    By changing the display type to inline block

    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    Block elements = {p, h1, ul}
    inline elements = {button, label}
    inline block element = img

    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
    HTML places all of the elements inside of it into boxes when displaying all the elements onto a screen.  
    The fix for the box model is a css rule called box-sizing. This can be useful when you need an element within a container to 
    fit a certain way, as sometimes the child container can leak out of the parent container, or not fill the space up as it is supposed to.
    the border-box property includes the content, padding, and border, but does not include the margin. 




   --> 